I'd like to reconvene the meeting of the
Board of Trustees thank all of you for
being here today this is a historic day
in the life of Kent State University our
community has waited patiently for the
presidential search to reach its
conclusion and I am delighted to
announce that today is that day ladies
and gentlemen I am pleased to recognize
president-elect dr. beverly j worn as
the next president of kent state
university dr. Warren would you please
stand in me recognized
a university is really formed by its
people and I have been so impressed with
the people of Kent State University I
have much more to learn and looking
around this room I know I have much more
to learn and I'm so gratified that so
many individuals are very interested in
the future of this institution I want to
thank the board of trustees or your
confidence in me and the trust that
you've invested in me my pledge is a
24-7 high-energy commitment to this
institution into the ideals that I know
you articulate it to me and want to see
the best future for this university this
is just a wonderful moment for me I have
followed Kent State for for many many
years and most recently looking at the
trajectory of what Kent State has
accomplished in recent years but much to
the credit of Kurt president mr. lefton
it's an exciting place I know that Kent
State is becoming a destination
University it's moving forward in this
research trajectory and I think this is
really an exciting time
to come and be a part of this wonderful
experience we all owe a deep gratitude
to President lift I was attracted to
this institution Lester because of what
you
build over the last eight years this is
an institution on the rise and I don't
say that lightly I come from a similar
institution with similar aspirations and
I know the hard work that it takes for
us to continue to move forward parents
can expect that I take very seriously
the education of their children their
safety will be first and foremost for me
we will make sure that this is a safe
environment that they can feel good
about where their children are attending
and they're going to learn in a
classroom they're going to be engaged
and what I hope every student will say
when they walk across the stage and go
and see their parents they're going to
say this place changed my life I have so
much more to learn about Kent State
University there are at least a hundred
or so people in here who have points of
view there are at least 42 thousand
students who have a point of view and
there are many more faculty and staff
from whom I need to learn what you
believe is the hope that promise the
dream of Kent State University because
to me what a president does is to
articulate into the
your desires for your university dr.
West rain
first thing I want to do is to listen to
me I think I need to many many people
and I'm looking forward to meeting
faculty and students and staff I'm
looking forward to hearing what others
say they think is the brightest future
for Kent State this will be a
collaborative process I'm really looking
forward to that journey of finding out
more about Kent and more about the
people that pick up again
you